finding the right person and feeling comfortable in their silences but
enjoying their happiness and their sadness as well, being there when they're sad.
Loving every part of the person, be it good or bad.
Adam's Dad- Even the snoring?
Kirsty- Even the snoring.
Adam's Dad- What would these be?
Kirsty- Even the bouncing.
Because we all shut up.
Yeah, pretty much the same thing, you know, you can feel relaxed around the person.
And as you say, being able to share a problem with the person.
It's when the snoring is not there and when the moaning is not there, you think,
well, I miss it now.
Because when Steve was in hospital, I got really quite down and I started sleeping in his t-shirts
because it had a scent on and I did actually miss the snoring then and, you know,
the things that you think, oh, I wish you'd just go away and leave me alone.
When they're not there, you want them back, don't you?
Because when I've been in hospital, I come back and I say, I should go in hospital more often.
Adam- Is there anything else you'd like to say before we end the video?